
Project Notes

28/9/2015
I started this project so I could put to use all the things I have been learning lately with Python
for example Git, MVC architecture, GUI with wxPython, Connecting my app to the web.
I am going to be using Git for version control. I am also thinking of using a Database. Have a Database of User Data.
Client Server architecture.
I am thinking of doing a ranking based on speed of answering questions.
Also do testing.

29/9/2015
I thought I understood wxPython or even just a little. But it turns out, it is laughing at me...to my face if I must add.
I couldn't even get the GUI to appear and this is despite working on someone's else code that had wxPython. This is why
I hate half knowledge. It is dangerous. One must know the basics. it is fine to tinker and get shit to work. But more
important to know the basics well...with sufficient depth.
Another thing I just learnt, You can't import a python module if it doesnt have the .py extension.
I have got the GUI to show, but the code is messy in my opinion. I will clean it up before I commit. I need to rereading
wxPython.

30/9/2015
I have made a bit of progress, I cant say I have a functioning GUI yet. I am working on making the parts work first before
committing anything.

2/10/2015
I worked on this over the weekend on my bro's laptop

4/10/2015
I checked it on my bro's laptop and it turns out that it displays differently on Linux. That's going to be a problem if I
can't code on Ubuntu and it displays the same way on Windows

5/10/2015
Turns out Layout() is quite important if one wants the panels to display correctly.

6/10/2015
I added the Settings menu. There is some bug... once I change it, it seems the program doesnt stop

7/10/2015
I have added the timeout setting. Turns out that the timers have to belong to the object instance. So in a function,
I need self.timer not timer.
Something isn't quite right with my timeout addition. My program should stop the timer once a correct answer has been
gotten. or a wrong one even.
Next would be to implement scoring based on the speed it took to answer a given question. I have implemented it.
